1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
*   this use for multiplication operatation 
'hello'   this is a string
-87.8    this a float	
-            subtraction operation	
/          division operation	
	+	Addition operation
6        this is a integet

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
String:It is wrapped with single or double quotes.it is a immutable and it this data type is primarily use for reading and writing the data.
Variavle:it stored the data like string,int,float,class etc
3. Describe three different data types.
Sets
Boolean
dictionary

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do? 
An expression consists of one or more operators to produce a value.expression is combination of operators.they are different types of expressions
1.constant expression:it consists of only constant value
2.intgrial expression:witch produce integer result
3.floating expression:witch produce the floating point.
4.relational expression:the result of type bool.it takes the value will be true or false
5.logical expression:tjis is the combinaction two or more resultand it produce bool type result

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
An expression evaluates to a value.expression always produces or return a result value.Every expression can’t be a statement.
Eg:a=4
      a+20
It will give 24
Statement:it executes smethong.every ststement can be an expression
       

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
The out put will be 23
7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
The both will be same result “spamspamspam”

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Eggs is a string and 100 is a integer.
9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Int

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
Middle of expression we have int it should convert to string,correct answer is 
'I have eaten ' + ‘99’ + ' burritos.'



